README.md, before:

# Inner Development Goals

> Transformational Skills for Sustainable Development

Welcome! This is a collection of free and open source projects supporting the [Inner Development Goals](https://www.innerdevelopmentgoals.org) (IDGs). The goal is to accelerate the implementation of the [Sustainable Development Goals](https://www.undp.org/sustainable-development-goals) (SDGs).

Our projects include:

-   [IDG.tools](https://idg.tools) - A free, open source and co-created library of tools and resources to help people and organizations practice inner development.
-   [IDG.community](https://idg.community) - A website created by and for the IDG community. A place to share stories and get involved in various activities.

## Contributing

First of all, thank you for being here! 🎉

We're a small team with high ambitions, and would love to get your help! This is only the beginning of what we want to create - an active open source community where people use technology to make meaningful contributions for a future where humanity and the living planet thrive together 🌱

Curious to learn how you can contribute? Come say hi in our chat rooms and we'll help you get started. There are many ways to help out so don't be afraid to ask!

-   Get an overview of ways to contribute at <https://idg.community/contribute>
-   [Element chat room for IDG.tools](https://app.element.io/#/room/#idg-tools:community.innerdevelopmentgoals.org)
-   [Element chat room for IDG.community](https://app.element.io/#/room/#website:community.innerdevelopmentgoals.org)

## Technologies used

-   [Svelte](https://svelte.dev) - One of the most approachable frontend web technologies, making development more accessible and fun.
-   [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev) - Modern fullstack web app framework with a great developer experience.
-   [Netlify CMS](https://www.netlifycms.org/) - CMS to simplify both content co-creation and development, integrated with Git.
-   [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - Simple and efficient styling, especially useful for rapid prototyping and collaboration.
-   [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Simplifying maintainance as projects grow and needs change.
-   [Sharp](https://github.com/lovell/sharp) -
-   [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) - Fast, disk space efficient package manager.

## Credits

-   Icons by [Heroicons](https://heroicons.com)
-   Photos from Unsplash and Pexels. The original filenames have been preserved to make it easier to find the photographers (including names, photo ID and service).

## License

The content of this repository is bound by the following licenses:

-   The computer software is licensed under the [AGPL-3.0](./LICENSE) license.

-   The content in the [`/content`](./content) directory including their subdirectories thereon are licensed under the [CC-BY-SA-4.0](./content/LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

Add info on how to help with localization

README.md, after:

# Inner Development Goals

> Transformational Skills for Sustainable Development

Welcome! This is a collection of free and open source projects supporting the [Inner Development Goals](https://www.innerdevelopmentgoals.org) (IDGs). The goal is to accelerate the implementation of the [Sustainable Development Goals](https://www.undp.org/sustainable-development-goals) (SDGs).

Our projects include:

-   [IDG.tools](https://idg.tools) - A free, open source and co-created library of tools and resources to help people and organizations practice inner development.
-   [IDG.community](https://idg.community) - A website created by and for the IDG community. A place to share stories and get involved in various activities.

## Contributing

First of all, thank you for being here! 🎉

We're a small team with high ambitions, and would love to get your help! This is only the beginning of what we want to create - an active open source community where people use technology to make meaningful contributions for a future where humanity and the living planet thrive together 🌱

Curious to learn how you can contribute? Come say hi in our chat rooms and we'll help you get started. There are many ways to help out so don't be afraid to ask!

-   Get an overview of ways to contribute at <https://idg.community/contribute>
-   Join our Element chat rooms:
    -   [IDG Localization Team](https://app.element.io/#/room/#localization:community.innerdevelopmentgoals.org)
    -   [IDG.tools - design, content and development](https://app.element.io/#/room/#idg-tools:community.innerdevelopmentgoals.org)
    -   [IDG.community - design, content and development](https://app.element.io/#/room/#website:community.innerdevelopmentgoals.org)

### Localization & translation

To support the emerging IDG movement to become truly global, we need to make the IDGs both relevant and accessible to people all around the world. This is not just about translations - but also about adapting the content and language so that it makes sense in the local context.

We use [Weblate](https://weblate.org/) to coordinate our localization efforts. Welcome to contribute!

## Technologies used

-   [Svelte](https://svelte.dev) - One of the most approachable frontend web technologies, making development more accessible and fun.
-   [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev) - Modern fullstack web app framework with a great developer experience.
-   [Netlify CMS](https://www.netlifycms.org/) - CMS to simplify both content co-creation and development, integrated with Git.
-   [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - Simple and efficient styling, especially useful for rapid prototyping and collaboration.
-   [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Simplifying maintainance as projects grow and needs change.
-   [Sharp](https://github.com/lovell/sharp) - Image optimization to improve performance and reduce network bandwidth usage.
-   [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) - Fast, disk space efficient package manager.
-   [Weblate](https://weblate.org/) - Web-based continuous localization - and also libre software like this project! 🎉

## Credits

-   Icons by [Heroicons](https://heroicons.com)
-   Photos from Unsplash and Pexels. The original filenames have been preserved to make it easier to find the photographers (including names, photo ID and service).

## License

The content of this repository is bound by the following licenses:

-   The computer software is licensed under the [AGPL-3.0](./LICENSE) license.

-   The content in the [`/content`](./content) directory including their subdirectories thereon are licensed under the [CC-BY-SA-4.0](./content/LICENSE) license.
